update login command (#2031)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-login.md

| Option                | Description                                                                                                            | Possible Values |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |

> | `-l`, `--login-link`  | The CLI will provide you with a link to login in with instead of automatically opening up the browser | None            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-l`, `--login-link`  | The CLI will provide you with a link to log in with instead of automatically opening up the browser | None            |
```

> | `-t`, `--token-login` | Login by specifing an Auth token with the flag. This flag is used primarily for browserless login | Auth Token from `cloud/astronomer.io/token` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-t`, `--token-login` | Log in by specifying an Auth token with the flag. This flag is used primarily for browserless login | Auth Token from `cloud/astronomer.io/token` |
```

> | `-l`, `--login-link`  | The CLI will provide you with a link to log in with instead of automatically opening up the browser | None            |
> | `-t`, `--token-login` | Log in by specifying an auth token with the flag. This flag is used primarily for browserless login | Auth Token from `cloud/astronomer.io/token` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-l`, `--login-link`  | The CLI will provide you with a URL to the log in page of the Cloud UI instead of automatically opening up your browser. You can use this link to manually begin the authentication process | None            |
| `-t`, `--token-login` | Log in by manually specifying an authentication token. This flag is used primarily to log in without needing to access your browser or to log in from a different browser | A valid authentication token from `cloud.astronomer.io/token` |
```

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on this wording @jwitz @sunkickr ?

Reviewer 3: what more meaning are we getting out of "to log in without needing to access your browser or to log in from a different browser" compared to "browserless login"? I also dont think we need "manually" before "Specifying".

Made a minor edit to the first entry suggestion but besides that LGTM

Reviewer 2: I think "browserless logging" potentially is confusing without additional color. Because you DO need "a" browser to get the token, you're just using the browser of another machine right?

This still LGTM tbh but will defer to you Jake!

Reviewer 3: I updated it to be more specific about the use case - looking back, I don't think "browserless login" is a particularly intuitive or popular term, so agreed we should elaborate a bit

astro login --login-link
# The CLI provides a link to the Cloud UI that you can manually open in a web browser.

> astro login --token-login <auth-token>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
astro login --token-login eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjRmeDJYNVFNa2o3Q25ycVNyX1ZuTyJ9.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.mk5nkukONLjmayTL5RLytLAYO7w6PU-0PeCyNmyP7LNUBgPGlG22m3PzJ3jaLFRiIy-8sG0nJ_vmjPhBYYI_61WEFdVj3oGmIbHXc4gVlICaTn_MbbchVDFRVzp09akYcjWvD4TeXpIAp9Fc0-4b-FbCAxryETmS5W8JxyRscp1n9lOFia_yYgWXbXrETs9Guz_z6ErfYmGA71XiihJcy41ccGnb4Agf_aEn-Dwh3tCaKRJ-Mxb_yLKSZHKRyjNfZH9v_ZW1eDPfkF3oV0c4qFCIx8vHryK3q3h2jpsDw_r-_VmuNqSRxrY8ms0ixtq98PmjQ0vDvmiUYZPXnxBNOw
```

Reviewer 3: In the spirit of this examples section, I added a realistic auth token here so people know what type of input is needed.

> # Copy a generated token from the UI (cloud.astronomer.io/token) and use it with this command for browserless login.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The CLI prompts you for a generated token from cloud.astronomer.io/token for browserless login.
```

> # Copy a generated token from the UI (cloud.astronomer.io/token) and use it with this command for browserless login.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Use a generated token from cloud.astronomer.io/token for browserless login.
```

> # Copy a generated token from the UI (cloud.astronomer.io/token) and use it with this command. Use this flag for a browserless login.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Copy a generated token from the UI (cloud.astronomer.io/token) and use it with this command for browserless login.
```

> # You then copy a generated token from the UI(cloud.astronomer.io/token) and use it with this command. Use this flag for a browserless login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copy a generated token from the UI (cloud.astronomer.io/token) and use it with this command. Use this flag for a browserless login.
```
